All right so now we're going to talk about navigation Ameritrade or for using quick panels over here
.
So I'm going to open up my expand one of the charts and the quick panels you can.
There's four of them right here by default and you can just take them and drag them wherever you want
so like I can put it here.
I did like an.
I can put it back in here.
Can book put it at the top wherever you want.
So let's just maybe take them out so we can focus the first one is at a chart and you can just basically
quickly choose a chart you want to add if you want to close the chart.
Just click this cross over here up the top and the chart gets closed.
So that's an alternative to adding charts through this list that we here on the left.
The second one is saving and loading profiles.
You don't need to focus on this right away.
But if you have like a certain number of charts opened up and you want to save that kind of view then
you can save profile as and then you can load your profile if you want to.
I don't really use profiles that much but you might find it handy.
OK so Market Watch this basically switches the market watch on and off as you can see on the left the
market which is disappearing.
So if one day you buy X and click this cross and market which goes away don't worry you can always bring
back.
But just like Market Watch.
All right so this cross-hair it opens up a daughter window which not open by default so let's cook that
.
And what that does is right now it's empty but as soon as the amount is on the chart as you can see
the the value the values in the data window are changing and it's basically showing you quickly what's
the open high low close and volume are for the chart.
And that's a very quick way to get the information instead of having to look up every single bar.
And as you can see if you just hold your mouse still the same information will pop up in a small little
window beside your mouse.
So let's get rid of the data window.
Next one is a navigator.
Once again gets rid of the Navigator puts it back.
Next one is the terminal box or terminal windows at the bottom.
So if you don't want them if they're taking up too much space just get rid of them and then you can
bring them back.
So you think that you get rid of you can bring back.
That's the terminal window.
This one is the strategy tester.
So it brings up another window at the bottom over here.
And here you can test expert advisers.
And this is the part where you do your kind of preparations for algorithmic trading.
We're not going to talk about that in this course.
I have a separate course on this.
It's it's called use Ameritrade or for strategy testing like a pro.
It's quite a complex beast so if you do want to get a straight chess thing then check out that other
course.
For now I will just close the strategy tester.
And this button is.
And you order button see if you want to open in your order.
You click that button and you can open and you order and we'll talk about more about this when we're
performing a live trading on a real Forex account in the next section of the course.
So the editor brings up a separate window where you can create Forex robots indicators and scripts you
can program things and deploy them on your account.
Then once again we're not going to be talking about that in this course.
If you are interested check out my other courses for example the green one is on programming expert
advisors in a MetaTrader Four.
So we're going to close that for now.
And last but on here on the trading when you bring this back here it becomes a big button.
It basically says weather expert advisors are allowed to trade on your account or not.
Right now it's off and kind of protects us from accidentally launching a forex robot on that cup.
OK so we've done that one now.
Next one is this one right here.
So the first three are pretty straightforward.
Change is the type of chart.
So if you zoom in using these to zoom in and so now you can see that we've got a bar chart in front
of us.
Well if we click this button will become become a candle chart if we click this button it will become
a line chart.
Soldiers zoom out a bit.
See here you see a line chart.
See a candle chart and a bar chart.
These ones we were done these humans about this one tiles windows like as we talked about in the previous
tutorial.
And then arcade this this is quite an important Voronoi here.
So let's go back to this chart.
This BOTTEN this green button.
Basically what it does is it auto scroll your chart so when the markets open like today Saturday or
not.
But generally when they're open you get new takes all the time.
And if you this is on your rules will just keep moving like for example just keep moving like this all
the time.
When you take the coming they'll just keep like fast forwarding to the right and if you don't want that
if you want to scroll to the left and see what's going on then just click this button and you'll be
able to scroll without the chart or is crawling back to the right and this button gives you a bit of
a shift on the rights of one should what which when I click it what happens so I click it and the chart
shifts to the to the left basically giving me some extra space to analyze like to see the end of the
chart because like this you can maybe not really see it it's hiding behind there.
And once you've clicked this little triangle up at the top and you can move it around and you charge
shift tool change and giving you more or less space depending on what you need.
Indicators basically brings up an indicator you can add to the chart.
So that's a third way of adding an indicator to chart.
This one changes your time frame but you don't really need that because you have these bottoms up at
the top here which you've already talked about this last one also working with templates.
OK so that's done very done.
This one with the timeframes.
The last one we have to do is line studies.
So here you can the crosshair.
You click it and it will add a crosshair to the chart.
And then if you click on hold you kind of can measure distances on your chart if you like.
Same thing if you're just right and middle click your mouse click the middle of the scrolling wheel
and your button you'll get across here.
So this vertical line it adds a vertical line to chart a horizontal line as a horizontal one.
If you want to delete it to double click or you right click and click delete.
So if you want to change change something about it then you double click it and then you go horizontal
on properties and change the color if you want.
You can change the width and things like that.
This is a diagonal line so a trend line.
What's important about it is by default some pitches delete this one by default.
Trend lines will be race so a lot of traders have trouble with this.
By default they're like going forever so you can't see the end of it.
So if you want to change that you double click a trend line and you go and into parameters and you uncheck
ready then it becomes like just a small trend line which is much better and much easier to operate with
.
And then if you want to like do a channel you click it and then you click control and you copy it and
then you have the same angle and you have a channel and the rest of them you don't really to worry about
them oh actually this one is quite important Fibonacci retracement.
We'll be talking about it.
So you pull it from somewhere to somewhere and you'll have a Fibonacci retracement psychotically Pop-Pop
but we'll talk about it in more detail when we get to the live training section of our course.
Also you can add labels so this is this that text and this is the label.
So a label doesn't say moves off the chart or stays on the screen.
The text moves with the chart.
So that's if you want to make some certain highlights of things like that then you can add arrows and
thumbs up and thumbs down.
So this whole graphical analysis and markings.
OK so I hope that's helpful.
Trader 4 is generally very easy to navigate and if you spend one or two hours just playing around with
it and after you've watched this and the previous tutorials you'll very quickly get the hang of it and
you'll know what's happening.
If you have any questions at all feel free to leave a comment or a question in the in the comments section
to this video and I'll definitely help you out.
Other than that I look for next time.
And until then happy trading